(worrisome music)
Urashiki!
[Urashiki] Just as I figured,
you got here before me.
How vexing!
You're always getting in my way!
Uh, just who is this guy?
(chuckles) I've
wanted to meet you
for a long time, Naruto Uzumaki.
Huh?
Hold on, you know who I am?
Why, of course!
You're very famous, after all!
-(weapon swooshing)
-(Naruto gasping)
(sword swishing)
(anxious music)
Let's get out of here!
[Urashiki] You're too late.
(Naruto gasping)
Naruto!
No way!
Your chakra's mine now!
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(Naruto gasping)
(weapon whooshing)
(Urashiki laughing)
[Urashiki] What's going on?
What did he just try to do?
Why can't I extract his chakra?
[Sasuke] Is it because
of the Sealing Jutsu?
I don't get what just happened.
Why didn't his attack work?
I don't really
know what you did,
but I won't go easy on anyone
who springs a surprise
attack on me, you know!
You hear me?
No, stop!
You leave me no choice.
(Naruto yelling)
Oh, no!
-(weapon whooshing)
-What?
Damn it, what is this?
Hey, let me go!
(Naruto groaning)
Now then, let's try
something else, shall we?
(Sasuke swooshing)
Seems your strength hasn't
fully returned just yet.
All your movements
are still very slow.
[Sasuke] Damn it!
Oh, man!
My research took way longer
than I thought it would!
Hold on, what's this?
Wait, Naruto!
[Boruto] Take this!
Huh?
(Boruto yelling)
[Jiraiya] Hold on.
This is bad!
What the hell's going on?
Who is that guy?
It looks like intruders
will keep showing up
if I stay here.
(Naruto groaning)
Hey, let me go!
[Urashiki] Now that I've
secured Naruto Uzumaki,
I have no more business
with the rest of you.
(boulders thumping)
(Boruto groaning)
(ground rumbling)
(Naruto groaning)
Naruto!
Damn you!
(ground rumbling)
Come on!
All right, then, farewell!
(rock rumbling)
Let me out of his
stupid thread, you jerk!
Your stupidity was
really quite helpful.
I had thought you were
smart even as a child,
but it seems that's not true.
(Naruto groaning)
Shut up!
I'm not stupid, you know!
Anyway, there's
no need to panic.
I'm certain that soon
enough I'll figure out
why your chakra
can't be extracted.
(Boruto groaning)
[Boruto] Come on!
It won't break!
Don't you think you
oughta fill me in
on what's going on here?
His name's Urashiki.
He's after the
Nine Tails Chakra.
Huh?
You know, I had a feeling
you guys weren't just
traveling performers,
but I never thought
that I'd hear
the name Nine Tails
coming out of you.
(Boruto groaning)
We're actually shinobi
from another land
and our mission is to
eliminate that guy.
We came here when we
learned that his target
was Naruto Uzumaki
of the Hidden Leaf.
Huh, okay.
But why does he want the
Nine Tails Chakra, then?
I'm afraid that right
now, we don't really know
what his end game is.
But we know he's trying
to amass enormous amounts
of power and threaten peace.
You know about the organization
that's targeting Tailed
Beast Chakra, right?
Huh-uh.
We're already completely
aware of the fact
that Naruto's been targeted by
those criminals in the past.
And that guy's someone
who has a connection
to that organization
or so my land thinks.
(upbeat music)
Well, I can't believe that
you already know all of that.
That's why we've come here
to protect Urashiki's
target, Naruto Uzumaki.
Ah, yes, I see.
Well, anyway I'll get
the details later on.
Now we need to focus
on rescuing Naruto.
But how do we do that?
Well, you know, it'll take
a feat of strength, but...
(Boruto gasping)
(ground rumbling)
All right, then!
We need to hurry and
find this Urashiki guy
before it's too late!
(chuckles) Awesome!
-(ground rumbling)
-(boulders booming)
-(body thudding)
-(Urashiki groaning)
I think this oughta
be far enough.
[Naruto] Hey, what are
you gonna do to me?
Now I'm going to take the
Fox that's inside of you.
(Naruto groaning)
(worrisome music)
We gotta find them fast or else.
But without any clues about
where we should be looking,
this is gonna take some time.
Yeah, but Naruto's chakra
could be totally
extracted by then!
All right, listen.
What exactly do you mean when
you say extracting chakra?
When Urashiki's
weird fishhook thing
pierces someone's
body, he's able
to pull their chakra right out.
Although, for some reason,
he couldn't take Naruto's.
Yeah well, Naruto
has a Sealing Jutsu
that was placed
upon him long ago.
Do you mean the Jutsu that's
sealing the Nine Tails in?
That Sealing Jutsu
could be the very reason
his chakra wasn't
able to be extracted.
So you mean he's
gonna be okay, then?
No, that's not necessarily so.
For example, if Urashiki tries
to break the seal forcibly
or something like that,
things could get really bad.
That'd release Nine Tails power,
and the Fox Spirit would
escape into the world.
In that case, not only
would everyone be in danger,
but Naruto will also die.
(Boruto gasping)
Then we need to find
them, and really soon!
There are several
spots in the area
where they could be
hiding right now.
It looks like we'll have to
check them out one by one.
All right, we need to hurry.
Dad!
(Naruto groaning)
Let go, you jerk!
You're so loud, you know that?
I can't remove your chakra
as easily as I'd like,
so I'm left with no choice
but to go directly inside.
Go inside?
What are you talking about?
(seal whizzing)
A Sealing Jutsu, huh?
Hey, what?
(Naruto groaning)
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Why, you jerk!
(Urashiki laughing)
(water dripping)
(mysterious music)
(Nine Tails growling)
Ah, just a bit up ahead.
I feel such immense chakra.
(air whooshing)
(Nine Tails growling)
Seems I've found it.
So, this is what was
getting in the way.
(Nine Tails roaring)
[Nine Tails] To have
made it this far.
Who are you?
I'm here to take your
chakra, Nine Tails.
Actually, that's not quite true.
I'm here to take it back!
(fire blazing)
(Urashiki gasping)
What's this?
(chakra bubbling)
The Nine Tails Chakra
is starting to leak out.
I know this feeling.
It's the Nine Tails.
You found them?
I'm sure of it.
(cape whooshing)
(worrisome music)
Looks like I won't be able
to extract it all at once.
But if the seal were to weaken,
then I would be able to take it.
To get it all, it
seems the quickest way
is to remove the seal entirely.
(Urashiki gulping)
(Urashiki groaning)
Incredible!
Well, in any event,
let's see what's going on
with this seal, now.
-(seal booming)
-(Urashiki gasping)
(Naruto groaning)
(Naruto grunting)
(weapon snapping)
(cord snapping)
If I remover the seal,
then he'll go on a rampage.
What a troublesome
problem this is.
My, my, so, you've
arrived already!
Let him go, Urashiki!
Oh, just calm down.
Don't be so impatient!
I've finally figured out
how to extract his chakra.
What is that red stuff?
So, the Nine Tails Chakra, huh?
I'll handle Urashiki.
You guard Naruto.
-(weapon whooshing)
-(sword clashing)
(Urashiki groaning)
(weapon whooshing)
(Sasuke groaning)
(Urashiki grunting)
(seal whizzing)
I knew it.
Sealing Jutsu provides a
good defense against him.
Are you all right?
Hey!
[Jiraiya] Hold it!
What's wrong?
The Nine Tails Chakra
is leaking out.
Be careful!
But we gotta do
something, and quickly!
No, wait!
Get it together!
Oh, good!
Are you awake now?
(dramatic music)
Uh, what's the matter?
(Naruto growling)
(Naruto roaring)
(Boruto gasping)
(Naruto growling)
What's happening to him?
Not good!
(Naruto growling)
Whoa, that was a close one.
(anxious music)
Right now, Naruto's under the
control of the Nine Tails.
He's not himself anymore.
In this state, he can't be
controlled or reasoned with.
No, no way.
I bet if I can just talk
to him it'll be okay!
No, stay away from him!
That's not true, right?
Hey, can you hear me?
Come on, just wake up, okay?
(Naruto growling)
(air whooshing)
-(weapons swooshing)
-(sword clanging)
(Urashiki chuckling)
(Naruto growling)
(Jiraiya gasping)
You see, I knew it!
It's all gonna be
okay, you know!
Come on.
Let's just get the
hell out of here!
Okay?
(Naruto groaning)
His voice?
No.
Could he be responding
to Boruto's chakra?
(Naruto groaning)
What am I?
(chakra bubbling)
That's right, you're doing it.
(Naruto growling)
This is bad!
(mystical music)
(Naruto groaning)
(body thudding)
(Boruto gasping)
-(sword clanging)
-(Urashiki groaning)
(air whooshing)
(jutsu whizzing)
(Sasuke grunting)
(chuckles) Guess
I need to regroup
and reformulate my strategy.
(sorrowful music)
(Naruto snoring)
There, that oughta do it.
It's not too deep.
It'll heal quickly.
(Naruto snoring)
So what was that?
What happened?
It was almost like he was...
(Naruto growling)
(Naruto roaring)
Like he was some
kind of monster.
The power of the
Nine Tails inside him
is unbelievably immense.
That's the reason why he
lived his entire life hated
and ostracized by the
people of the Leaf Village.
What?
[Jiraiya] Long ago,
the Nine Tails attacked
the Hidden Leaf.
The Fourth Hokage sealed the
Nine Tails inside Naruto,
who was just a newborn.
Naruto became the vessel for
the Nine Tailed Fox Spirit
in order to save the village.
But the adults
in the Leaf
simply don't see
Naruto that way.
That's wrong.
Even so, Naruto always
looks ahead trying
to get everyone to accept him.
He may be a fool, but he's
actually making progress.
After going through something
terrible like an attack
by the Nine Tails, anyone
would be afraid of him.
But, if you call him a monster,
then that's exactly
what he'll become.
But I...
I didn't mean it that way!
(chuckles) I know you didn't.
Hold on.
The guy with the
fishing pole had me.
(Naruto gasping)
Oh no, did you get hurt?
(Boruto groaning)
Wait, did I do that to you?
I'm really sorry about that.
Oh, no, it's only
a little scratch.
Don't worry about it at all.
Damn it.
I can't bring a friend
back home the way I am now.
I gotta get a
whole lot stronger.
[Boruto] Can I really do this?
Will I actually be
able to protect dad?
-Hey?
-Huh?
Why don't you come along and
do some training with me too?
-Huh?
That Urashiki guy is gonna be
coming back again, isn't he?
[Sasuke] Yeah, I'm sure of it.
Well then, we need
to be ready for him.
So, what do the two of you think
about training together, huh?
(Boruto groaning)
But first, it's time to
continue my research.
Anyway, just think
about it, okay?
(both groaning)
(ending theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(upbeat music)
[Jiraiya] Hey, you two.
Shall we get started
on our training?
Yeah, we're ready, you know.
[Naruto] But why do I
have to train with Boruto?
[Jiraiya] For some reason,
your chakra natures
are extremely similar.
We just might get a
collaboration Jutsu out of this
that'll catch
Urashiki off-guard.
[Boruto] Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations.
Jiraiya's assignment.
[Naruto] A collaboration Jutsu?
Is it more awesome
than the Rasengan?
-(ending theme music)
-(singing in Japanese)